Add a `takeout shell` command (#349)
tighten/takeout: README.md

takeout stop {container_id1} {container_id2}
```

### Get a shell inside any Takeout container

To get a shell inside any container that is started with Takeout, you may run:

```bash
takeout shell {service}
```

Here are some examples:

```bash
takeout shell mysql
takeout shell neo4j

> takeotu shell pgvector

Reviewer: ```suggestion
takeout shell pgvector
```

```

> This will reuse the running container. Takeout will start either a `bash` or a `sh` process inside the container, depending on what the container supports (this is automatically handled by Takeout).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will open a shell inside the running container for the service you provide. Takeout will start either a `bash` or a `sh` process inside the container, depending on what the container supports.
```
